## Reading Response
### The Freudian Robot - Introduction: the Psychic Life of Digital Media

“The Freudian Robot” seems to me a really intangible and philosophical concept. The only clear definition in the article says that “any networked being that embodies the feedback loop of human-machine simulacra and cannot free her/him/itself from the cybernetic unconscious is a Freudian robot.” In that case, we humans, as long as still interacting with machines, are Freudian robots. It does sound weird, but I can see how the weirdness contributes to discussion on how technology is in turn transforming humans, and evaluation of the relationship. Are we masters or slaves? 

It’s interesting to read quantum physics along with the ancient Chinese fable about Taoism against machines and efficiency. What has been highlighted is there’s more political, social, and psychological issues apart from technology’s enhancement of human deficiencies. Yes, technological progress alters our patterns of thought and valuation besides live norms. So the question is when and how these alterations become negative, and what should we do. 

I’m not sure if I fully comprehend Heisenberg’s points that scientific frames are no longer valid to understand modern science, and “methods and objects are no longer separated”. As I understand, when humans keep exploring scientific knowledge, they are not only discovering, but also thinking about and arranging their relationship with the external objects. Therefore, the object has already been changed. However, robots are not inherently living in the natural world. They are made by humans. So when we are approaching and analyzing robots, does robots’ meaning as an object change and what kind of relationship is built? 
